add a changelog to track changes (#303)
tendermint/spec: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All notable changes to the spec will be documented in this file for easy reference. Changes are grouped by version.
```
